DO NOT MERGE (#2)
jchunkins/charts: stable/logdna-agent/README.md

### Pod Security Policies

> LogDNA-agent containers needs to mount host volumes to read the logs for ingestion. Therefore, this chart requires a PodSecurityPolicy that permits host volume access to be bound to the target namespace prior to installation. If the default PodSecurityPolicy on your cluster is not restrictive then this step is not needed.

Author: ```suggestion
LogDNA-agent containers needs to mount host volumes to read the logs for ingestion, and needs to run as root. This chart requires a PodSecurityPolicy (with host volume and root access) to be bound to the target namespace prior to installation. If the `default` PodSecurityPolicy on your namespace is not restrictive then this step is not needed.
```

If the default is restrictive, In ICP you can create a new namespace with either a predefined PodSecurityPolicy.

> - Predefined PodSecurityPolicy name: [ibm-anyuid-hostpath-psp](https://github.com/IBM/cloud-pak/blob/master/spec/security/psp/README.md)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Alternatively, you can have your cluster administrator setup a custom PodSecurityPolicy for you using the below definition:

- Custom PodSecurityPolicy definition:

```yaml
apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
kind: PodSecurityPolicy
metadata:
annotations:
    kubernetes.io/description: 'This policy allows pods to run with any UID and GID
    and any volume, including the host path. WARNING:  This policy allows hostPath
    volumes. Use with caution.'
name: custom-anyuid-hostpath-psp
spec:
allowPrivilegeEscalation: true
allowedCapabilities:
- SETPCAP
- AUDIT_WRITE
- CHOWN
- NET_RAW
- DAC_OVERRIDE
- FOWNER
- FSETID
- KILL
- SETUID
- SETGID
- NET_BIND_SERVICE
- SYS_CHROOT
- SETFCAP
fsGroup:
    rule: RunAsAny
requiredDropCapabilities:
- MKNOD
runAsUser:
    rule: RunAsAny
seLinux:
    rule: RunAsAny
supplementalGroups:
    rule: RunAsAny
volumes:
- '*'
```

> - Create a [ClusterRole](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#default-roles-and-role-bindings)

Author: ```suggestion
- Create a [ClusterRole](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#default-roles-and-role-bindings). Save the following contents into a file (e.g. psp.yaml)
```

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
name: logdna-clusterrole
rules:
- apiGroups:
    - ''
    resources:
    - pods
    - secrets
    - jobs
    verbs:
    - get
    - create
    - delete
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
kubectl command:
```
Jey... put this command here in markdown triple tilde quotes:

kubectl create -f psp.yaml

- Create ClusterRoleBinding

Create a ClusterRoleBinding which binds ClusterRole created in previous step to default service account of the namespace.

> kubectl command:

Author: ```suggestion
kubectl command (replace `<namespace>` with your namespace):
```

```
kubectl create rolebinding logdna-clusterrolebinding --clusterrole=logdna-clusterrole --serviceaccount=<namespace>:default --namespace=<namespace>
```

or using ClusterRoleBinding definition:

```yaml
    - apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
    name: logdna-clusterrolebinding
roleRef:
    apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
    kind: ClusterRole
    name: logdna-clusterrole
subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: default
    namespace: <namespace>
```

> Alternatively, a cluster admin can create a [service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) for LogDNA itself and bind the ClusterRole to it.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a cluster admin can create a [service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) for LogDNA itself and bind the ClusterRole to it. Save the following contents into a file (e.g. sa.yaml):
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
    name: logdna-serviceaccount
    namespace: <namespace>
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
kubectl command:
```

Jey... put this command here in markdown triple tilde quotes:

kubectl create -f sa.yaml
